harder on on Steve lesson on national
coach and head of high performance here
a bold Australia welcome to bowls
Australia's coaching educational video
series known as the coaches Danny we're
providing these resources free of charge
on bowls trade website bowls Australia
Tom Ju we're going to increase the
standard coaching nationwide I'm sure
you'll find this video both informative
and educational enjoy the video and of
course good bowling
this episode we're focusing on the grip
and there's three types of grip which
are fingertip claw and cradle depending
on the weather conditions the pace of
degree or of course the shot you're
going to play so it's over to Robby
Dobbins Australia's national assistant
coach to show us how it's done with
Taylor Morrison hi Taylor
today we're going to discuss the the
grip on the bulb and there are three
fundamental grips one is the claw grip
which is held in the fingers this way
and all your fingers are on the bowl the
other one is the pine but where it sits
right down at bar mean you look and you
lower you your your thumb down on the
bowl and the other one is the fingertip
grip which is sort of you hold the bowl
sort of high in your fingers now
whichever one you use it really depends
on you whichever one works for you and
you feel comfortable with is the one we
should use okay so you'll just have to
try the free and pick which one works
for you that's the palm grip with it
with seeing right back in the palm
then the claw grip yet you bring your
fingers up there
and then the fingertip grip your thumb
goes higher up the bowl
that's the three grips